Design/error alert (#1937)
cloudfour/cloudfour.com-patterns: src/design/colors.stories.mdx

    colors={[colors.text.action.value]}
  />
</ColorPalette>

## Status Colors

> Includes colors that can reflect the status of elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These colors help communicate the status of elements, for example an icon accompanying an error message.
```

    colors={[colors.text.action.value]}
  />
</ColorPalette>

## Status Colors

Includes colors that can reflect the status of elements.

<ColorPalette>
  <ColorItem
    title="$status-error-dark"

>     subtitle="For errors, intended to be used for the foreground"

Reviewer: These subtitles should be `comment` values in the design tokens so they are more easily accessible in the future.
